Work Plan for Sgr B2 ALMA Mosaic analysis

AUTHORSHIP RULES:
- Data reduction team should be included on all papers.  Note that the
  QA2-produced data products are not usable for most science: Sgr B2 is just too
  messy (no blame falls on the QA2 analysts, it's our fault for looking at
  something so hideously complex).
- All papers are opt-in.  If you opt in to a paper, you commit to at minimum
  providing a detailed review in <=2 weeks from being given a draft.  More
  effort is welcome, of course!
- Coauthors from outside the collaboration may be invited at the discretion
  of the first author.

REDUCTION:
Adam Ginsburg, Fanyi Meng
Consulting Crystal Brogan, Todd Hunter, Thomas Stanke, Betsy Mills
*will have a separate e-mail list* - you can opt in to this if you're willing to put in some serious work


PLAN: Combine 7m and 12m data
1. Set calibration weights correctly as per
   https://casaguides.nrao.edu/index.php?title=DataWeightsAndCombination#What_Are_the_Options_for_Adjusting_the_Weights_for_Older_Reductions.3F
2. Create combined continuum map
2a. Identify line free channels
2b. Spend some time figuring out optimal clean parameters
2c. Self-calibrate?
3. Create combined line maps
4. Feather with IRAM and MOPRA single-dish maps (or TP if & when they become available)



CURRENTLY POSSIBLE:
Giant Bubbles:
The HC3N data clearly reveal sharp-edged bubble features.  These are signs of
feedback.  They trace either HII regions, winds, radiation, or supernovae.
GOALS: Determine which mechanism (which driving source) is responsible for the bubbles.
METHODS: measure the energy within the bubbles, find their driving sources
ADDITIONAL: Depending on which mechanism is responsible, comment on Sgr B2's place
in the CMZ and the role of feedback in the Kruijssen, Dale, Longmore, & Krumholz models.

AUTHORS: Adam Ginsburg et al


FILAMENTS:
Are there any?  Looks like 'no' in the gas.  Therefore, simple statement: SF in
the CMZ doesn't happen in filaments.  It's probably best to have the continuum
data reduced first, though.




REQUIRES FULLY REDUCED DATA (with long baselines):

Turbulence:

    GOALS: Measure turbulent power spectrum, size-linewidth relation.  Determine if
           Sgr B2 is consistent with CMZ.  Use density PDF to predict SFR using
           existing theories (so that we can compare to the next paper)
    Jaime Pineda
    Erik Koch (invited to use his TurbuStat toolkit)
    Adam Ginsburg

    PLAN: 
    1. Use many different lines to perform VCA, VCS analysis.
    1b. Use combined map of many lines for VCA/VCS?
    2. Dendrogram the cube* for size-linewidth relation

    * Originally, the goal was to use HCN, HNC, and/or HCO+ for this analysis.  It
    turns out, these 3 lines are self-absorbed to a degree I had never imagined
    possible, so we will use HC3N instead.


Cores:
    -Identify and measure cores.  Measure a mass function
    -Account for free-free contamination
    -Using new cores + UCHII region counts, estimate instantaneous SFE and SFR
    Fanyi Meng et al

Gas Temperature:
    -Measure it with CH3CN
    -Determine mass fraction affected by heating feedback
    -Is fragmentation suppressed by heating?
    -Is freezeout prevented by heating?
    -Do temperatures agree with H2CO, NH3?  If not, why?
    Adam Ginsburg et al


OTHER PAPERS:
    Roberto Galvan-Madrid & Chris DePree: 3mm source associations with variable cm sources

    ? Comparison to Brick? (some comparison will probably happen in other
    projects, but a dedicated comparison may be justified).  Jill Rathborne,
    Jim Jackson, et al?

    Continuum modeling - Anika Schmiedeke


    Examine the foreground cloud - the HCN, HNC, and HCO+ absorption structure
    is remarkable.  Does it mean anything?  Can we confirm or deny that it is
    local to the CMZ, or even local to Sgr B2?


    Erik Rosolowsky - Dimensionality reduction

    Spectral Line Survey in any or all of the cores?
